hi there and welcome to another guilt
westie video today i will be answering
the fractals to missed once again and we
are in the solid ocean this is a dungeon
that you get when you can completed
three other fractals and this is the
sort of final boss encounter you usually
get this when you go up a scheme of
difficulty I believe we can only have
this once a day but anyways you will be
dropped in some green areas solid ocean
as it's called and as basically just one
path you have to jump along a little bit
but nothing too hard along this path
will be some trash and again nothing
special but those those little crystal
thingies have a special ability which is
to to roll back your projectiles at you
so make sure you bring some Mele weapon
or at least something that isn't ranged
so that they can reflect it back at you
for the rest is just a normal trash may
wing is more than enough and it's time
to go off to that final and only boss in
this instance the final boss is called
the Jade more it's some kind of enormous
creature which is lurking at the center
of this stage there will be some
tentacles and some trash but the only
thing you have to focus on here are the
tentacles we killed some trash but that
wasn't necessary because if you kill
both tentacles the final boss encounter
will begin and the trash will despawn
automatically once both tentacles are
killed much more tentacles will spawn
and some of these veteran Jade Colossus
and killing tentacles or or Colossus
will give you four crystal fragments
they drop on the floor you can see you
on lying there just behind the veteran
but they drop from my pretty much each
mob that you kill every now and then you
get a skull above your heads and this
means that the boss is going to fire a
laser at you or whatever you want to
call it to to not die from this laser
you have to pick up one of these crystal
fragments
and because those crystal fragments make
a shield here's my turn I pick up
crystal and add laser is fired at me as
you can see I was shielded by the
crystal and he's starting to fire at me
once again so the shield pops up again
once the shield is up you are allowed to
throw the thing back at him of course I
threw it at some tentacle which was a
mess of film because you have to throw
it at his head that's the only way to
damage the boss so you pick up and those
fragments when you get a skull over yet
you wait for the laser to hit you and
the shield to to absorb the hit and then
the charge crystal as it were has to be
hurled back at the boss's head so not at
his tentacles but at his head when he is
almost down he will do something special
which gives everyone a skull above their
head so everyone needs to pick up their
own crystal here here it is everyone has
a skull above that we fail miserably on
this because this was our first try
actually so we pretty much all diet you
only have to have one team member that
survives it so we have one he arrested
up and we got this chest which gives you
20 fractal relics and of course the big
chest which just gives used a normal
loot so this was useful thanks for
watching I will see you next time bye